I see my body as a blessing. But that's not always been the case. Because of my body, I've been treated differently. Unfairly. Sometimes cruelly. But I grew up in a time and environment Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly, mae'n gweithio'n gweithio. Felly I felt such a strong connection to working in the criminal justice system, offering good care to people who have been socially excluded and treated differently. It also changed how I lived my life on a day-to-day basis off the mat. I started to find that I became fitter, physically and emotionally. I also found I became less ac yn ei wneud i'r bwysig sy'n ei wneud, ac yn ei wneud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w ddweud i'w d duration of the day. So firstly, I'd like you to take a deep breath in and a deep breath out. So notice, where do you feel your breath this morning? In your chest, in your belly, there's no right or wrong. Just feel curious of how your body feels this morning. Just noticing how your body feels. Now I'm going to give you the choice. You've got the opportunity also now to stand up if you're able to. So if you feel, just notice how you're standing or sitting and can you bring equal attention to the breathe in and then as you breathe out taking a deep breath out and start to move your breath in line with your movement so bringing your arms up as you breathe in and then as you breathe out bringing them down so we're gonna just notice and build some muscle memory of moving in line with your breath shoulder, taking a deep breath in and a deep breath out. Just really opening up your left lung and noticing how your body feels. If there's any tension, just notice and be curious of how your body feels as you're twisting and then coming back to center. And just notice with that twist, how does your body feel? have a sense of curiosity of how your body is feeling, and then coming back to center. So we've got lots of different nerve endings on our face. So I'd like you just to tap your face, run your forehead, your eyes, your nose, your mouth, your neck. And then bringing your hands down. for bringing you here this morning. So I invite you to develop the intention to take in all the talks this morning, not through your mind, but also through your body. So that brings us to the end of our yoga experience this morning. So I hope you can take away to have a mind and body that is