I see my body as a blessing, but that's not always been the case. Because of my body, I've been treated differently, unfairly, sometimes cruelly. But I grew up in a time and environment where strong men didn't discuss their emotions, and this prevented me from properly processing certain challenges I experienced earlier in my life. It made me uncomfortable connecting with my body, unable to deal with the feelings of shame and self-consciousness I was experiencing. As I learned more about psychology in the mind, I learned to switch off from my body, focusing on the mind instead. But this wasn't healthy. I needed a way to break this cycle. My name is Dr. Sunil Ladd, and I work in the NHS as a consultant counselling psychologist, and I'm also the national clinical director for health and justice in NHS England. And six years ago, I completed a yoga teacher training course. When I started, I recognised that the relationship between my mind and my body was not good. I was often introspective, stuck inside my head. Yoga means union, and it helped my mind and my body to become more united. During training, I quickly became interested in the meditative, philosophical, and scientific aspects of yoga beyond being good exercise. It also helped me to understand why I felt such a strong connection to working in the criminal justice system, offering good care to people who have been socially excluded and treated differently. It also changed how I lived my life on a day-to-day basis off the mat. I started to find that I became fitter, physically and emotionally. I also found I became less tired and was able to emotionally process the harrowing stories of immense suffering people had experienced throughout their lives. It also changed how I worked as a psychologist, helping people to pay more attention to how their bodies felt when going through challenging situations. I've come from a place of shame and disconnectedness towards my body to embracing and owning it and seeing it for the blessing that it is. And it's helped me to engender these feelings in other people too. It's also changed how I worked with others, supporting, helping people, but also thinking about how I live a more fulfilling life, enriching some of the lives of some of the most vulnerable in society. In the modern world full of distractions and screens, it's really important we become more embodied. Our bodies are designed to move and explore. Our emotions help our bodies to move through challenges and difficulties. So I'm going to provide you with a yoga experience this morning to help to land and tune into your bodies. And hopefully you can maintain that connection for the duration of the day. So firstly, I'd like you to take a deep breath in and a deep breath out. So notice, where do you feel your breath this morning? In your chest, in your belly, there's no right or wrong. Just feel curious of how your body feels this morning. Now I'd like to invite you to take a deep breath in, going in through your nose, all the way down your spine and into your pelvis. And notice how that feels. And then back out from your pelvis, up through your spine, and either out through your nose or your mouth. So just noticing how your body feels. Now I'm going to give you the choice, you've got the opportunity also now to stand up if you're able to. So if you feel, just notice how you're standing or sitting and can you bring equal attention to either your feet or your sit bones? And now can you roll your shoulders back and notice how you stand. Often we bring our shoulders in to try to protect ourselves. So notice how you feel. So as you're taking a deep breath in and a deep breath out. Again now, bringing your arms up to the sky as you breathe in. And then as you breathe out, taking a deep breath out. And start to move your breath in line with your movement. So bringing your arms up as you breathe in. And then as you breathe out, bringing them down. So we're going to just notice and build some muscle memory of moving in line with your breath. And then making this your last one. And then coming back down. And then I invite you to sit back down again. So as we started to move, notice. So I'd like to get you to put your left hand on your back and twist over, looking over your left shoulder. Taking a deep breath in and a deep breath out. Just really opening up your left lung and noticing how your body feels. If there's any tension, just notice and be curious of how your body feels as you're twisting. And then coming back to center. And just notice with that twist, how does your body feel? It might feel different. We might notice some tension. And now twisting over to the other side. So notice how it feels on this side. It might feel different. There's no right or wrong. It's your body. So just notice how does it feel? You might feel tension. You might find that you push yourself quite a lot. Is that a pattern in your life? So just have a sense of curiosity of how your body is feeling. And then coming back to center. So we've got lots of different nerve endings on our face. So I'd like you just to tap your face around your forehead, your eyes, your nose, your mouth, your neck. And then bringing your hands down. And after tapping, I'd like you to bring a nice smile to your face. So notice how does your body feel when you smile? And then bringing both hands to your chest. So connecting your body and your mind with that smile on your face, offering yourself a loving gratitude for bringing you here this morning. So I invite you to develop the intention to take in all the talks this morning, not through your mind, but also through your body. So that brings us to the end of our yoga experience this morning. So I hope you can take away to have a mind and body that is at one, united, undivided. Thank you.